[SNC-183] Fix create-a-policy reference (#7782)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/config-policy-management-overview.adoc

[#quickstart]
== Quickstart

> If you already have a link:/docs/first-steps[CircleCI account] connected to your VCS, and you would like to get started with config policies right away, check out the steps in the link:/docs/create-and-manage-config-policies/#create-a-policy#[Create a policy] how-to guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a xref:first-steps[CircleCI account] connected to your VCS, and you would like to get started with config policies right away, check out the steps in the xref:create-and-manage-config-policies#create-a-policy[Create a policy] how-to guide.
```
